README.md, before:

# Kafka Event Streaming Applications

This demo and accompanying playbook show users how to deploy a Kafka event streaming application using [KSQL](https://www.confluent.io/product/ksql/) for stream processing. All the components in the Confluent platform have security enabled end-to-end. Run the demo with the [playbook and video tutorials](https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/cp-demo/docs/index.html).

**Table of Contents**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Documentation](#documentation)


## Overview

The use case is an event streaming application that processes live edits to real Wikipedia pages. Wikimedia Foundation has IRC channels that publish edits happening to real wiki pages (e.g. #en.wikipedia, #en.wiktionary) in real time. Using [Kafka Connect](http://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/index.html), a Kafka source connector [kafka-connect-irc](https://github.com/cjmatta/kafka-connect-irc) streams raw messages from these IRC channels, and a custom Kafka Connect transform [kafka-connect-transform-wikiedit](https://github.com/cjmatta/kafka-connect-transform-wikiedit) transforms these messages and then the messages are written to a Kafka cluster. This demo uses [KSQL](https://www.confluent.io/product/ksql/) for data enrichment, or you can optionally develop and run your own [Kafka Streams](http://docs.confluent.io/current/streams/index.html) application. Then a Kafka sink connector [kafka-connect-elasticsearch](http://docs.confluent.io/current/connect/connect-elasticsearch/docs/elasticsearch_connector.html) streams the data out of Kafka, applying another custom Kafka Connect transform called NullFilter. The data is materialized into [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch) for analysis by [Kibana](https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana). Use [Confluent Control Center](https://www.confluent.io/product/control-center/) for management and monitoring.

![image](docs/images/drawing.png)

## Documentation

You can find the documentation for running this demo, playbook, and video tutorials at [https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/cp-demo/docs/index.html](https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/cp-demo/docs/index.html).

Commit message:

POC of Kafka Log Appender

README.md, after:

# Kafka Log Appender Demo

This demo is a proof of concept showing a custom developed Log4J appender logging Zookeeper and Broker log messages back into Kafka (please note that broker 2 is not instrumented for compa). 

## Usage

Everything is pre configured so just start in the usual cp-demo way. You can verify the appender as follows:

1. Verify configs:

```
kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server localhost:10091 --topic _confluent-configs --from-beginning
```

2. Verify logs 

```
kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server localhost:10091 --topic _confluent-logs 
```

## Caveats

This is a basic proof of concept and missing most features. For a full list of these see the one pager. The following are the obvious ones:

1. It doesn't create the logging topics - in this demo auto topic create is enabled. In the final version it will manage topic creation
2. There is no retention configured - Don't run this for long as it will fill disk
3. Config isn't used to configure the appender - right now we just harvest config, in later versions we plan to use this config to automatically configure the appender.
